The "Legal Glossary" link the Footer takes the user to the middle of the /legal-glossary page. Please have the link direct the user to the top of the page. 
The "Records Expungement" link in the Footer takes the user to the middle of the /record-expungement page. Please have the link direct the user to the top of the page. 
The "Diversion Programs" link in the Footer takes the user to the middle of the /diversion-programs page. Please have the link direct the user to the top of the page.
The "Find Local Courts" link in the Footer takes the user to the middle of the /court-locator page. Please have the link direct the user to the top of the page.
The "Development Roadmap" link in the Footer takes the user to the middle of the /development-roadmap. Please have the link direct the user to the top of the page.
Remove the “Data Sources” link in the Footer
Remove the “Data Integration Statue” section on the /development-roadmap page. It is redundant with the “Development Progress” page. 
Update the “Community and Open Development” description on the /development-roadmap page to highlight that this application/site is open sourced under the MIT license (for code) and Creative Commons (for non-code content), it can be used as is, updated, or integrated into others’ sites with attribution, and that the code is publicly available. 
Please also recommend the best way to make the code publicly available. If it should be made available via Github, provide instructions for how I can do that. I have a Github account but I am nontechnical, so would need your assistance to make the code available. 
Under the Community and Open Development section on the /development-roadmap page to leave remove the Open Source and Legal Expert Review sections. Make Feature Request a button, which launches a modal where the user can enter their feature request. Add relevant questions to identify what type of request it is and how the issue can be improved. The results of the Feature Requests should be emailed to 	publicdefenderai@gmail.com. Please include security protections to filter out spam or malicious content. 
Update the Mission Statement to state that the site/application is intended to be a public good  
Replace "Assisting Others" in the footer with "For Friends & Family" but have it link to the same place. The "Diversion Programs" link 
